+++
date = "2014-10-22"
title = "Oh, Today is Diwali? Happy Diwali !"
subtitle = ""
summary = ""
draft = false
categories = ["Non-Tech"]
slug = "diwali"
+++

_"First brush your teeth, then touch anything,"_ Mommy used to say whenever I tried to sneak in to the kitchen for the Diwali sweets. Today, as I woke up at 8:30, nothing replaced my butter bread breakfast combination. And when I checked my facebook, it reminded me that today is Diwali! So, _"Happy Diwali friends"_ is going to be my status too, as if just to tell 'em that I am celebrating too.

The best thing is that even today happiness is alive. But the meaning is not the same. Earlier it was mainly because of the fest, today it's because of the one day holiday it rendered.

I've made phone calls to my elder ones, touched their feet and received valuable suggestions to burn the crackers carefully. I know Dada ji had said exactly the same words somewhat 12 years ago. Who knows in advance that the childhood Diwali are the best ones we ever see in life?

Here at IIT Kharagpur, we have something called Illumination on Diwali. More than a thousand diyas are used by a single hostel to create amazing designs. Here are some of their pictures. That's the only exciting thing I'm feeling about this Diwali.

_"As there is so much light outside, I don't feel the need of putting any diya. As there is so much noise inside, I don't feel the need of burning any cracker."_

Some photos of Diwali celebration at IIT KGP: <https://www.google.com/search?tbm=isch&q=diwali+illumination+iit+kgp>
